you create commercial crate disassembly
this you create video presentation is
designed to help first-time users
understand how to disassemble and flat
pack our commercial crates each crate
includes au crate spring clip removal
tool the tool is attached beneath one of
the spring clips to remove this tool
simply grab the handle cover the clip
with your hand and pry the clip tool out
each spring clip has a raised pocket
this raised pocket allows the clip
removal tool to be inserted beneath the
clip move around the top panel removing
all of the spring clips once the spring
clips are removed simply lift the top
panel off the crate a unique advantage
of the you create commercial crate is
the ability to access the product from
the top or any side repeat the process
to remove all clips securing the panel
remove the remaining side panels using
the same technique
removing all of the side and end panels
will allow for full product access
after removing the contents of the crate
simply stack the panels back on the
pallet base
please note the top panel must be on top
of the stack with the milled edges
facing upward this will allow the spring
clips to fit and attach properly place
the clip removal tool under one of the
attached spring clips the you create
commercial crate is now flat packed and
ready for return shipment thank you for
using you create commercial crates we
look forward to providing custom
creating and shipping solutions to you
in the future